This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.