This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.