This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.