This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.