This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme.