This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.