This room contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Granite Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.