This room contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.