This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.