This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.