This room contains one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.