This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.