This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it includes two Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.