This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.