This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is far from the stool with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.