This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.