This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.