This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.