This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.