This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.