This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.