This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.