This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.