This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.