This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.