This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.