This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one Desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.