This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme.