This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.