This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.