This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.