This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.