This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.