This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.