This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.