This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.