This room contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.