This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.