This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.