This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.