This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.