This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.