This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.