This room contains one Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.