This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.