This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.