This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.