This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises four Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.