This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.