This room contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.