This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.