This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.