This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with European Classic style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.