This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.