This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.