This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.