This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.