This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains three Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.