This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.