This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.