This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.