This room contains one Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.