This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.