This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.