This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.