This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.