This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.