This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.