This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.