This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.