This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.