This room contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Single bed with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.