This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.