This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.