This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.