This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.