This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme.