This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.