This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme.