This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Granite Texture theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Granite Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Granite Texture theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.