This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.