This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.