This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.