This room contains two Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.