This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.