This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.