This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.