This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.