This room contains one Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.