This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.