This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.