This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.