This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.