This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.