This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.