This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.