This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.