This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.