This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.