This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.