This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes three Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is far from the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.