This room contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.