This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.