This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.