This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.