This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.