This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises three Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.