This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.