This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The stool with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.