This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.