This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.