This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.