This room contains one Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with American Country style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with American Country style . Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with American Country style . The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with American Country style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with American Country style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with American Country style . The Ceiling Lamp with American Country style  is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.