This room contains two Nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.