This room contains two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.