This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.