This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.