This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.