This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.