This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Vintage style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.