This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.