This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.