This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. The Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.