This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.