This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.