This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises three Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.