This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.