This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.