This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.