This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Light Luxury style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.