This room contains two Nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.