This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.