This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.