This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.