This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme.