This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.