This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.