This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.