This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains two Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.