This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.