This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.