This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.