This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.