This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.