This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes three Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.