This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.