This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.