This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.