This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.