This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .