This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.