This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.