This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.