This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.