This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The TV Stand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.