This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.