This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.