This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.