This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.