This room contains two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.