This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.