This room contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.