This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.