This room contains two Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.