This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. The chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.