This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.