This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.