This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.