This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.