This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains four Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.