This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.