This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.