This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.