This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.