This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.