This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.