This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.