This room contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Mediterranean style . Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.