This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.