This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.