This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.