This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.