This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Shelf with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.