This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains four Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.