This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.