This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.