This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.