This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.