This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises two chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.