This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.