This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme.