This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme.