This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.