This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.