This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.