This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.