This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.