This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.