This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.