This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Kids Bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.