This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme.