This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.