This room contains one Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Cartoon theme is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.