This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.