This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Ming Qing style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Sideboard with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.