This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.