This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.