This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.