This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.