This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.