This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.