This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.