This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.