This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises four Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.