This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.