This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.