This room contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme.