This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.