This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.