This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.