This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.