This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.