This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.