This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.