This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.