This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.