This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.