This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.