This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.