This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.