This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes four Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises four Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.