This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.