This room contains one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.