This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.