This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.