This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.