This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.