This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.