This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.