This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.