This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.