This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.