This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.