This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.