This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.