This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.