This room contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.