This room contains three Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.