This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.