This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.