This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains four Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Chinese Pattern theme is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.