This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.