This room contains one Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.