This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.