This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.