This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.