This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.