This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.