This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.