This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.