This room contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.