This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.