This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.