This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.