This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.