This room contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.