This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.