This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.