This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes two Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.