This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.