This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.