This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.