This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.