This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.