This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.