This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.