This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.