This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.