This room contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.