This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.