This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.