This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.