This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.