This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.