This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.