This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.