This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The armchair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.