This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.