This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.