This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Desk with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.