This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.