This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.