This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Sideboard with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.