This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.