This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.