This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.