This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.