This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.