This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.