This room contains two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.