This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.