This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two Ceiling Lamp with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Vintage style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Vintage style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Vintage style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Vintage style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.