This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.