This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme.