This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Shelf with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.