This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.