This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.