This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.