This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.