This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.