This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.