This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.