This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.