This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.