This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.