This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises three Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.