This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.