This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.