This room contains two Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.