This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Rivet theme is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.