This room contains one Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.