This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.