This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.