This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one stool with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.