This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.