This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.