This room contains two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.