This room contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.