This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.