This room contains one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.