This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.