This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.