This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.