This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Lines theme.