This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.