This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.