This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.