This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.