This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.