This room contains one Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.