This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.