This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.