This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.