This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.