This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.