This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.