This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme.