This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.