This room contains one Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.