This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme.