This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.