This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.