This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.