This room contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.