This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Sideboard with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.