This room contains one Wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.