This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.