This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.