This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.