This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.