This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.