This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.