This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.