This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.