This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.