This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.