This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.