This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.