This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.