This room contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. The Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.