This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.