This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.