This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.