This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.