This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.