This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.