This room contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme is far from the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.