This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises two Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is far from the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.