This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.