This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.