This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.