This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.