This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.