This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.