This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises three Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.