This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.