This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.