This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.