This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.