This room contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.