This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.