This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.