This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.