This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.