This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.