This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.