This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.