This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.