This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.