This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.