This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.