This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.