This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme.