This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.