This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.