This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.