This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.