This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.