This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.