This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.