This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.