This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme.