This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.