This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.