This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.