This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.