This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.