This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.