This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.