This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with American Country style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Pendant Lamp with American Country style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Floral theme.