This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.