This room contains one Nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme.