This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Ming Qing style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.