This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.