This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.