This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.