This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.