This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.