This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.