This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.