This room contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.