This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.