This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes four Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.