This room contains two Nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.