This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.