This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.