This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.