This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.