This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.