This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.