This room contains one Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme.