This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.