This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.