This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.