This room contains one Nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.