This room contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.