This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.