This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.