This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.