This room contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Ming Qing style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Ming Qing style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Ming Qing style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. The Dining Chair with Ming Qing style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme. The Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme.