This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.