This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.