This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Granite Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.