This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Granite Texture theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Granite Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Granite Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Granite Texture theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.