This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.