This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.