This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.