This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.