This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.