This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.