This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.