This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.