This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.