This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises three Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Additionally, it contains two Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Suede material, with Lines theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.