This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material. Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.