This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains four Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Vintage style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.