This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.