This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.