This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.