This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it contains one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.