This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.