This room contains two Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.