This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.