This room contains one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.