This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.