This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.