This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.