This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one armchair with Korean style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.