This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.