This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.