This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The stool with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.