This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.