This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.