This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.