This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.