This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Moreover, it contains one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.