This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.