This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.