This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.