This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.