This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.