This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.