This room contains two Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Floral theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Floral theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Floral theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Floral theme.