This room contains two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with European Classic style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with European Classic style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.