This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Stone material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Stone material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Stone material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Stone material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.