This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Lines theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.