This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.