This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.