This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.