This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it contains one TV Stand with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire. Also, it includes two armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. The Bookcase Armoire is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.