This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.