This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.