This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it contains two Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.