This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.