This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.