This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.