This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises three Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.