This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.