This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.