This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises three Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Neoclassical style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.