This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style . Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style  is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.