This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.