This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.