This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains four Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.