This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.