This room contains two Nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.