This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.