This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.