This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Stone material, with Granite Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Stone material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.