This room contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing when bubbles form flip the pancakes. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme.