This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.