This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Suede material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme.