This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.