This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.