This room contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.