This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises three Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.