This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Desk with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.