This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.