This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.