This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme.