This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.