This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.