This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises three Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.