This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.