This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire. Furthermore, it contains two armchair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. The Bookcase Armoire is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.