This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.