This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.