This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Rivet theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Rivet theme.