This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.