This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.