This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.