This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.