This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.