This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Dining Chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.