This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.