This room contains one Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes three Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is far from the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.