This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Kids Bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.