This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, it is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.