This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.