This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Moreover, it comprises two Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Shelf with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.