This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.