This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.