This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.