This room contains one Nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.