This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.