This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.