This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.