This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Kids Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.