This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.