This room contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.