This room contains three Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.