This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.