This room contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.