This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.