This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises two stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.