This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.