This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.