This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. The chair with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.