This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.