This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.