This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme.