This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.