This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.