This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.