This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.