This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.