This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Desk with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cutting jalapeno peppers and removing the seeds. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with New Chinese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with New Chinese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with New Chinese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.