This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.