This room contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Also, it comprises one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.