This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises three Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Linen Texture theme is far from the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.