This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Striped Grid theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Striped Grid theme.