This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.