This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.