This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains three Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.