This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.