This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.