This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.