This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.