This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.