This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises four Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.