This room contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one stool with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.