This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the shrimp from the pot. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.