This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.