This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wrought Iron theme.