This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.