This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.