This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.