This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.