This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.