This room contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.