This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding splash of worchestire sauce and beef stock. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.