This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains two Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.