This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.