This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.