This room contains one Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Additionally, it includes one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Desk with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. The Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.