This room contains two Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Ming Qing style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing whisking 3 beatenn eggs in a bowl and steaming the eggs on top of boiling water. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme.