This room contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.