This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner cabinet with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.