This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.