This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises two Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.