This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains two Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.