This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding onions tomatoes and water to a pressure cooker and cooking. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.