This room contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme. The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.