This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.