This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.