This room contains one Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material. Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.