This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding the asafetida and red chilies. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Bookcase Armoire with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.