This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.