This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.