This room contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material. Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Floral theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.