This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.