This room contains two Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.