This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.