This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme. The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme.