This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding soy sauce and sugar. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme.