This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Glass material. Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding ginger green beans carrot and green onion and stiring. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Glass material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Glass material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Glass material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Glass material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.