This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it contains one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.