This room contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Sideboard with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Kids Bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing everything well and putting the mixture on round wrappers. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme. The Sideboard with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Modern style , with Cartoon theme.