This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.