This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.