This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing removing the wontons. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.