This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing transfering the sauce to bowl and garnishing with nuts and sauce. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme. Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.