This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.