This room contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.