This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.