This room contains two Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.