This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.