This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.