This room contains one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one Kids Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Lines theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.