This room contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Kids Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing choping the garlic. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme. The Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Kids Bed with Light Luxury style , with Cartoon theme.