This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.