This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains two Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.