This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.