This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.