This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Also, it contains one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing adding the cashew cream into the mixture. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. The Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.