This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material. Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing cooking the shrimp until halfway cooked in the pan and then remove. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.