This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.