This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material. Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding whole wheat flour a pinch of salt and mixing. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme. Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.