This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding 1 tsp salt 1 tsp coriander powder 1 tsp red chilli powder tsp garden masala saute for 2 mins. The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.