This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.