This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Additionally, it contains one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing placing dollops of the potato mixture in the pan. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.