This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material. Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing making a groove inside the hot dog using a clay tool. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style . The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.