This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material. Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the wrapped ingredients and adding boiling water. The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.