This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing mixing sugar lime jiuce tamarind vinegar fish sauce and sriracha together. The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style . Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.