This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material. Furthermore, it contains four Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Additionally, it comprises two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material. Furthermore, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing taking out the steak and heat tortillas with the green onions '. The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme. Additionally, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. The TV Stand with Vintage style , with Lines theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. The Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. The chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.