This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material. Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material. Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material. Finally, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.