This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material. Moreover, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material. Also, it includes one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding red cabbage chopped radish chopped tomato shredded carrot diced green and red onion and chopped parsley to the bowl. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.