This room contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material. Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material. Moreover, it contains three Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material. Also, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material. Ultimately, this room contains a TV, showing adding cooking chicken brocoli carrots cilantro and peanuts. The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.