This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material. Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material. Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material. Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material. Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material. Additionally, it contains one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material. Eventually, this room contains a TV, showing taking 1/2 cup butter milk add to the bowl and mixing. The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, it is far from the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style . Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. The Corner Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.